This web-app is not limited to internship task only. This app implements QnA system for any (english) video on youtube.

instructions:
1. open the backend folder in vs code IDE.
2. In the configure.env file paste your openai api key. It is essential for working of web-app.
   make sure you have mongodb installed on system. To use mongodb atlas just paste the connection link in configure.env file.
3. Open a new terminal and hit command "npm i" to install all the dependancies

As pinecone servers were down and taking days to initialize index I decided to go with HNSWlib which stores embeddings on system. 
for HNSWlib to work properly make sure you have visual studios installed on your system with c++ build tool.

4. in the terminal hit command "npm start" to start the backend server. Make sure no other app is using port 8000.

5. open new vs code window and open frontend folder in it.
6. open new terminal and hit command "npm i" to install all dependancies.
7. in the terminal hit command "npm start" to run the app in browser.

How to use web app:
1. paste url of any youtube video in form section of homepage.
2. enter email (mailing system is implemented in backend but it's commented out. To use it paste your gamil credentials in configure.env file and remove comments in controllers)
3. on sending successful request backend will create qna system for that video. (usually takes 2-5 minutes)

	errors that may occur while creating qna system
	1. sometimes openai servers gives "connection timeout error". in this case please make request again.
	2. if the size of requested video is more than max limit openai gives "maxbody limit exceeded" error. this is due to openai's limit on whisper api. please try another video link.

4. on successfull creation of qna system a new folder will appear in "./local/stores/" directory.
5. for the video asked in assignment docs qna system is already created.

6. to access qna system click on "go to qna page" on homepage.
7. paste the url of same video for which you requested qna system.
8. enter the question in inbox below it and make request.
9. your answer will appear in box below it

sometimes it takes lot of time for answer to appear. I believe it's happening due to "cors" module installed in backend which is essential to run backend and frontend on same device.
You can disable it from app.js file in backend and test backend api on postman.